ENGDOCS-1305 (#372)
compose-spec/compose-spec: 14-include.md

## Include

A Compose application can declare dependency on another Compose application that is managed by another team
or shared with others. This is useful if teams need to keep a Compose file reasonably complicated for the limited
amount of resources it has to declare for it's own sub-domain, within a larger deployment.

The `include` top-level section is used to define the dependency on another Compose application, or sub-domain.
Each path listed in the `include` section is loaded as an individual Compose application model, with it's own project directory, in order to resolve relative paths. 

Once the included Compose application is loaded, all resources definitions are copied into the 
current Compose application model. Compose displays a warning if resource names conflict and doesn't 
try to merge them. To enforce this, `include` is evaluated after the Compose file(s) selected 
to define the Compose application model have been parsed and merged, so that conflicts 
between Compose files are detected.

`include` applies recursively so an included Compose file which declares its own `include` section, triggers those other files to be included as well.

> The resulting resources can be used in the including compose model for cross-services references.

Author: TODO: Check the exact meaning of this sentence and reword

Author: Ah I wasn't clear - I mean for line 18, not 16.

Reviewer: Ok sorry, so it means that the services, volumes, networks ... which are declared in the Compose files included can be used as regular resources in the current Compose file
for example
```
include:
  - my-compose-include.yaml  #with serviceB declared for example
services:
  serviceA:
    build: .
    depends_on:
      - serviceB #user serviceB directly like it was declared in this Compose file
 ```

Author: Got it! Thanks for clarifying. Have changed the wording and actually added your example above coz I think it is needed

### Short syntax

> The short syntax only defines paths to another Compose file. The file is loaded with the parent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The short syntax only defines paths to other Compose files. Each file is loaded with the parent
```
It currently reads like multiple paths to a single file because plural `paths` but singular `Compose file`. Not sure if the suggested change is correct.

Author: ah yes! good catch

## Include

A Compose application can declare dependency on another Compose application that is managed by another team
or shared with others. This is useful if teams need to keep a Compose file reasonably complicated for the limited

> amount of resources it has to declare for it's own sub-domain, within a larger deployment.

Author: Nice! I've added this. I changed the formate a bit so less long sentences, more easy-to-read bullet points

## Include

A Compose application can declare dependency on another Compose application that is managed by another team
or shared with others. This is useful if:
- You want to reuse other Compose files
- You need to factor out parts of your application model into separate Compose files so they can be managed separately or shared with others.

> - Teams need to keep a Compose file reasonably complicated for the limited amount of resources it has to declare for it's own sub-domain, within a larger deployment.

Reviewer 3: Thanks for looking at the suggestions @aevesdocker! I still think here, we should have a more clear delineation – A Compose file can declare dependency on another Compose file [full stop]. Whether that other Compose application is managed by another team or shared with others is irrelevant to whether a Compose application [**can**] declare dependency, and should live in the bullet points where it's explained where this can be useful.
